Youtube Link: https://youtu.be/DD1OSZYHsA8
:This project runs through flask and uses elements of HTML, CSS, JS, and Python:
I wanted this website to reflect how cool the MCU is so I began the project with more attention to detail

Navbar from Bootstrap: I used a navbar from bootstrap because I think it is the best way for users to see all the tabs at once. For the title I alternated colors of each letter and decorated the background red. I also wanted the iconic marvel logo in so I implemented the image. The tabs followed after where each one would link to its own html.
    -The navbar was a nice start but I didn't want a plain white background. This is THE MCU so I placed the beautiful image from endgame

Python/Flask: After creating the navbar I needed flask and python to guide the interactions between my HTML files. Flask and Python would be able to create functions in my website and update my SQL databases. I started creating app.py similar to finance with the register, login, logout features. I also could not keep that cat image as the apology image(despite how cute it is) so I created baby groot as an image for the users when the apology function is called.

General: I wanted the first tab of the website to be informational. I wanted to store every movie in the MCU, the year, its description, and the critic scores from rotten tomatoes. I tried using javascript arrays but this was way too long, so I created a SQL database.
    SQL table (movies): I tried to look for a database that might already be made, but none of them had the information I desired. So I accessed every release for every movie and manually input all 30 rows into the database. One of the biggest problems I had faced with this tab was the image. The image wasn't able to be accessed through how I originally planned with the links so I downloaded all 30 movie posters and added them to the movies folder. Inside the sql database every poster is in the form of /static/movies/___ and this solved that problem.

Ratings: This quite literally the most difficult part to manipulate and ensure it was executed the way I wanted. Beginning with the header, I didn't like how the image was placed next to the text and the alignment was off so I decided to place them above each other.
    Phase Buttons: I would have liked to use python for this with accessing the images from SQL, but I had attended a tutorial and they explained that for what I wanted, javascript would be the desired language. Since there was a lot of onclick() functions that I wanted to implement this would've just been easier with javasript.
    Concise: I wanted to make the code more concise because 30 movies and 4 phases is a lot to call the picture function, but I couldn't use a for loop from JS to implement exactly how I wanted. Either way other methods I tried with for loops still required different inputs, and so I stuck with creating the picture function.
        Picture (Javascript Function): This is the only function I created in javascript and it worked perfectly to access every part I wanted. To begin with our show elements, the interactive features with the slide navigator and the comments are all hidden. But when a button is clicked for a movie, we reveal and show all these elements. We take in the link argument because this is what will be used to change the src of the image every single time a new movie button is clicked. We take the movie argument because this will dictate what movie title will appear and be added into our SQL database. And finally we take in the phase number because this leads to the if statement. The if statement is for stylstic purposes, to change the layout to match our button colors with phases and also update the icon that shows next to the label depending on the phase.
    /ratings in app.py: We establish our variables which will hold all the necessary values that will be implemented into SQL. Our first db execution inserts the four inputs(user id, score submitted, comment, name of movie). Our second db.execute(next) is necessary after because this will update the username of the person that submitted this rating. We want to display the username for other people to see so we link the scores table and users table with their ids. Our final db.execute was something I recently implemented. I don't think this is the optimal solution, but it does in fact work. I ran into a problem where a NULL row would be submitted because my app.py function runs /ratings everytime the tab is selected and when the user hits submit. To avoid NULL rows from ever existing in our scores database, I run the last db.execute to delete rows where the comment seciton is NULL. This actually turned out to be a better solution than I thought because now unless users also put a justification comment for their rating, the submission will never fully go through.

Discussion: I wanted the discussion tab to also look cute so I included the original avenger icons at the top and the newest addition of the MCU tv show characters from phase 4 at the bottom. Here I removed the background that is seen throughout the app because the icons have a white background, and it looks kind of messy with random icons white backgrounds and a large background even behind that. Setting the background to white makes the icons look in place and also matches our red blue scheme palette. I wanted to make another table with the discussions but I didn't want to copy exactly what was made in the general tab. So I wanted to use the iteration of every row in our scores table so each submission was in its own table. I bolded all the important information of usernames, scores, movies, and comments. I think the alternating words being bolded and regular helped pop out the valuable components of the table rather than just being a bland table.
    /discussion in app.py: I wanted to load the scores table with all the necessary information but recently tweaked it to make the table DESC so the most recent submissions show first. I figured that if the tables had been the oldest submissions first that users would never actually see the most UP TO DATE reviews and they would have to scroll all the way down just to see their recent submission. Now users can see their submission first and also scroll down if they choose to the very first submissions of the app.

Overall/Concluding Remarks: My goals for this project had been five features (Quiz, rate, discussions, general, game). When discussing with CAs in tutorials they said it appeared the goal was quantity over quality which I realized was true. I didn't want all these tabs if it meant sacrificing the quality of each one. The personality quiz could have been a project on its own and so could have the game. So I narrowed it into the discussions rating and general sections. Another component I found really interesting was that I was caught up in the design a lot but I think it paid off more. For example, when I got stuck with uploading the posters into the general tab, I was just going to have the regular names and movies but I am glad I figured it out because the movie posters really help make it pop. I also like that I edited the nav bar to the style I wanted. Changing the icon for apology was difficult for multiple reasons(I couldn't figure out how to generate a memelink similar to the cat from finance, when trying to scratch everything and just use the image I sacrificed the wording in the apology). I also had the most trouble with the ratings tab and trying JS to access all the movies through a function. I also didn't know how to use the name and ids for each input and uploading it. And the absolute worst part was the NULL cases in the ratings. I was going to settle for having NULL rows appear in the discussions, but I ended up figuring out to delete the rows with NULL. So I am glad I stuck through with executing every component I wanted. I think it felt like a lot more of a reward seeing the outcome I actually desired than settling for less with a messy styled website.